Life and W ritings of the Author. xxxiii

Prebend in that place. But though this resolution
promised a general happiness to them all, it pro—
ved fatal to one of them: for MrS. Beamnont‚ be-
ing of a tendet, delicate and lively constitution,
was not able to support the load of vapourS‚ with
which the damp and foggy air of the fens ab‘ound33
but coughS‚ different respirations‚ and other symp-
toms of distempered lungs discovered a beginning
consumption the first winter after they fixed their
settlement there. The following April the Master-
{bip of Jqsus College in Cambridge became va-
cant by the resignation of Dr. Pearson, and our
Author waS, upon the first notice of it, appointed
his success'or by the Bishop. This change of fitu-
ation was the more desirable to him, as it replaced
him in the seat of learning from which he had
been forcibly driven eighteen years before3 as it
was at a convenient distance for his paying fre-
quent vifits to his Right Reverend Patron3 and
above all as he entertained some hopeS, that the
purer air of it might have some effe& towards the
restoring his wife to better health: but for this it

e was

