Lfi’ and lVrt'tings of the Anthou xli

other emiffaries and agents of Rome, were, under
the connivance of one Brother, and not only the
protection, but under the open encouragement of
the other, furnished with opportunities of per-
plexing mens minds with wonderful art, and pro-
pagating the errors and pernicious doctrines of
that Church with too manifest succes83 when men,
who had contracted a peeviih prejudice and unrea-
sonable bitterness. against the established Church,
both against the form of its Government, its Ar-
ticleS, and Liturgy, were bufily sowing the seeds
of faction and dissention, and infecting peoples
minds with the tenets of Calvin, and the absur-
dities of Puritanism3 while the nation was thus
miserably rent in parties and factions by the op-
pofite efforts either of those who had none, or of
those who made a shew¹ of reforming Religion,
the Univerfity of Cambridge had the happiness to
be generally untainted with the spreading poison,
which security‚ under God, was in a great mea-
sure owing to the indefatigablc endeavonm, tho
profound learning, and the persuasivc reasons of
the King's Divinity Profeffor.

f The

