Lt’fi’ and W ritings of the Author. xxxvii

them, by his own modest, frugal‚ and studious
life, a pattern of· all human and social virtues:
and this defign he surely answered above any man
who had ever been raised to that station3 his
whole life being employed in promoting the con-
stant and reasonable worlhip of the Deity‚ the
due and salutary observance of the statute8‚ and
the real welfare of every fingle member of the
society. As he looked upon vice, profaneness and
ignorance to be the certain sources of contempt
and disesteem to any, but most of all, to a religi-
ous and learned eommunity‚ he used all the means
in his power to discourage them, without the least
respe& to the quality of the persons in whom they
were found: on the other hand, as his judgment
was quick in discerning virtue and diligence‚ un-
der whateverdisadvantage of birth or fortune they
lay concealed‚ he omitted no opportunities of set-
ting them in their deserved light, and of reward-
ing the poss'effors of them with his countenance
and favour. Persons of learning, good sense and
piety languishing in obscurity, and under tliemany

di-

