xxxii An Account of the

ted to a private conversation with him. But, whe-
ther it is to be imputed to the detestable politickS,
which after his Grandfather HENRY the Great of
France, were too eafily and successfully infinua-
ted into that Prince, of negle&ing his friends and
careffing his enemie83 or to his own difinterested-
ness and fingular modesty in declining sollicita-
tionS, he never received any other advantage from
the Royal F avour, than a mandamus to the Uni-
verfity to create him Doffior in Divinity in the
lame year 1660.

Early the next year, his fast friend the Bishop,
who had always the highest delight in our Au-
thorâ€™s learned and ingenuous conversation, and the
tenderest regards for Mrs. Beatumont, intimated to
him, that it would give him no small degree of
pleasure, if he would make Ely the place of his
refidence: the consideration of gratifying a person
to whom he was obliged by all the bands of gra-
titude and friendssiip, had so much weight with
him, that he immediately took the resolution of
removing his family to the house annexed to his

pre-

